get as many members and volunteers as possible.
findng local volunteers and connecting
we cannot get to all of the new volunteers in one week, so we consistently phonebank to new volunteers every week, slowly cutting down the backlog of names.
explaining the structure of the chapter and recruiting volunteers for the roles.
comprehensive training on the exact message of moms demand and what expected of the volunteers in the organization.
our newer volunteers seem lost, even some of our new ambassadors.
learning more about the organization and how to address certain topics/questions from the public or potential new volunteers
i see moms members in three categories - 1) general members (people who sign up and may or may not ever participate in events but who agree with us and will likely vote with us) 2) active volunteers (people who want to get involved and attend events and who are willing to volunteer their time in small amounts to lobby, host house parties, or phone bank, etc).
while individuals are very helpful, there is an assumption that volunteers are able to take on an enormous amount of individual initiative and are able to devote an enormous amount of time to getting up to speed.
we need to know how to develop/keep other volunteers engaged.
keeping volunteers aware of what is going on in their state legislatures and giving volunteers definite direction on how to address their politicians.
and positive press will also motivate volunteers to continue.
most of the volunteers here are overqualified for their roles.
i think generating a groundswell of active volunteers and keeping them engaged and interested.
building a strong base of volunteers in my area.
the remaining volunteers don't feel like their work is valued because of how their interactions with new national staff are going.
because processes change so rapidly (a natural part of the development of the org), sometimes volunteers are unaware of changes in procedure, sometimes i find that our rm is not clear on procedure.
we could use more local volunteers
need more chapter volunteers trained in van to keep up with data entry/management.
i understand the national organization's reasoning behind this however it impedes our efforts at the local level and creates additional work/time commitment for volunteers to have to look these up individually.
make sure you have other volunteers to share the work load.
keeping volunteers interested and motivated more projects
teaming effectively across the state--need tips on communicating via email, fb, phone with new volunteers in far-flung places
best practices from other chapters on how to onboard new volunteers
our core volunteers here in cincinnati are smart, passionate about the issue of gun violence, and really want meaningful involvement.
no, but i think more training for volunteers is a wonderful goal.
we need to provide thorough, effective trainings and then trust volunteers to carry out their work without such stringent oversight.
keeping all lines of communication open with as many fellow volunteers and paid et staff as possible.
getting volunteers to commit to leadership roles.
make room at the policy planning table for local volunteers who actually know the leaders and politicians in their area.
allowing us to access email addresses when we pull local lists of volunteers through van.
we have so many projects and so much that could be accomplished and identifying the volunteers for those tasks is consuming.. it's not a growing membership type role - but a role of someone who i can take a job to and say -- find me the person to do 'this', and get them started.....
our chapter needs to do a better job converting members to volunteers and volunteers to stakeholders.
mobilizing volunteers and effective timely communication.
i feel that we can increase these conversion rates by engaging volunteers and empowering them with information (keeping them in the loop about moms nationally and locally), education, and responsibility.
recruiting strong volunteers that can jump in and be active.
a new structure needs to be found to provide support for ambassadors; to provide them other volunteers to whom they can delegate.
different rm who realizes most of her volunteers are 1) better educated, 2) more experienced and 3) at least as busy as she is.
biggest challenge perhaps is getting a reliable core group of volunteers to show up when we need them.
the biggest challenge will be recruiting and developing volunteers in south alabama.
galvanizing more volunteers
creating a database for volunteers to easily pull from for events.
perhaps concentrating on local stories pertaining to our state issues would address this and having our volunteers invite their facebook friends to "like" our state page which would then drive traffic to the national page.
not getting information and consistent support from national, in a timely fashion that makes volunteers feel appreciated and supported.
i think many of our volunteers are confused about the organization's goals and aims.
however, after our chapter lead is chosen the work can begin by defining the leadership roles and empowering the wonderful group of volunteers we have.
need time &amp; activities to engage members &amp; active volunteers to build a good team.
the biggest complaint from volunteers is that there are "too many emails and they do not have time to actively participate or read the suggested links. "
survivors, history tellers, leaders and volunteers who have specific experiences in the movement that they would like to share.
we have had a hard time getting volunteers for our chapter, especially in leadership roles
streamline training and having a system that makes it easier for volunteers to either change rolls or come into new rolls more efficiently.
having enough time to devote to spreading the work to new volunteers
lack of volunteers
keeping volunteers informed and charged up to welcome new members
i need to help find more volunteers we can count on to help consistently.
i need volunteers to assume different roles.
my comm lead goal is to develop an in network of media contacts and moms volunteers in towns throughout the state, in order to localize our news releases and media initiatives.
ways to motivate individual volunteers to lobby their state legislatures
the biggest challenge is a lack of volunteers to fill in rolls.
biggest challenge is activating more volunteers and getting feedback.
as a volunteer at membership recruitment events i often feel our volunteers are not armed with up to date information and that we need to do more educating not only of our own volunteers but those we are trying to draw into our ranks.
being organized and getting new volunteers enthused about participating
for instance, when doing gotv for i-594 in washington volunteers preferred to phone bank remotely from the convenience of their homes, to meeting at a central location.
recruitment and engaging &amp; empowering volunteers - community outreach
i need a different method of tracking my county volunteers besides a list onmy home computer.
from the small corner i saw, we do need to develop newer volunteers more; motivation, knowledge base, and communication skills.
not enough active volunteers so too much work falls to me so...not enough time to recruit ... and around and around.
finding specific tasks for new volunteers
not enough volunteers and people willing to be active.
we are volunteers and hearing the negativity gets old.
volunteers need to be trained on effective recruiting techniques.
if you're talking to someone who's interested in moms, volunteers should be trained on how to get the person to sign up right then.
interested in ideas on how to attract more volunteers to our chapter.
keeping/engaging volunteers
most new volunteers i speak with are willing to sign petitions or write to their lawmakers, but very few want to show public support.
how to effectively recruit volunteers who follow through and stay engaged.
we need to be more inclusive as well in the demographics of our volunteers and leaders
moms has lost much of its original grassroots feeling, and it's becoming more difficult to keep volunteers feeling engaged and empowered.
ways to engage non-active volunteers
building a larger core of volunteers is important right now.
i'm also wondering if any of our lead volunteers have given as much as they can as a volunteer, and are now looking for some compensation or recognition.
educate volunteers on effective communication methods
